yo what's going on guys it is back from
the tuna here today I may be in your
very first commentary an almost four
months sorry about the wait guys we're
going to be covering the dog heads and
what are they used for and how you get
the flaming tomahawk they're both
intertwined I'll tell you that much so
once you do figure out what the dog
heads are for the flaming tomahawk will
be unlocked to the top right into it
alright so we're going to go to the
first dog head location it's on the
second floor on Broadway all you have to
do is open the library door spawned go
up the stairs and heading to your rights
and then it's right there on the wall
now the second dog location it's by the
docks you open the generator doors and
it's going to be outside or if you go
the jog away chop down from the ledge
I'm sure you guys have seen all these
dog head locations but just for the
viewers who haven't or don't have the
map pack or just can't find one that's
for them alright so the third dog head
location is in the firm reset the
doorway into the roof now the triple dog
had location is in the tunnels is the
vets the most important dog head
location so you notice those were dark
red outlines on the wall now anyways on
to activating these dogs all you have to
do is kill a zombie in the vicinity area
of the dog head on the wall and then
once you kill it it will come on the
wall actonel badass once it eats enough
zombies I think it's like five to seven
zombies it eats it'll retract back into
all like you see it did there and that
dark red outline will turn into a bright
red and started to flame I going down to
the tunnels the third dog had looked the
third triple dog head location that
middle one has lit up once that dog has
gone to the wall so that means you that
means you're doing something right
alright so many ways to the dogs that
dog will retract back into the wall dark
red outline will turn into a bright red
and said to flame and that one of the
other dog heads is lit up now you just
need one more so you go to the infirmary
get this doggy it's file zombie kind of
annoying babysitting these guys having
to feed them during a zombie apocalypse
it sounds fun anyways that darker is
turned into a bright red and start to
flame and finally look what happens down
the tunnels when that dog goes right
into the wall boom three of them light
up and then I'd seek your door opens and
look what's there ladies and gentlemen
you have founded the flaming tomahawk
this thing is a beast it's pretty much
it acts like a boomerang you throw it
with LVN said Harvey you gotta watch
that once you throw it it will track
back into your equipment once you thrown
us you don't have to go pick it up
it's a it's pretty sick you go it's
computer headshots just take a peek
right you know I've shown a bit of game
play with it chuck it comes right back
into you but you can't throw it like
constantly so you can't throw a pick it
up throw a pick it up it has to recharge
a little bit so you throw I think it's
like four or five seconds the Tomic
recharges and once you die I believe you
don't actually lose that's what Paul
monkey was saying last night so I'm just
going to go with his word for it i know
you don't lose it when you go down and
you can also throw the tomahawk and it
will receive perks for you so you don't
have to run and get them so yeah that's
pretty much it I don't think there's
anything more I need to say so hopefully
if you guys did enjoy the video like it
up alright guys peace
you